This was a month-long Agile end-to-end app development project simulating commercial software development in a team of 6. We drove the process from user research right through to building out additional features and presenting at two demo days, one live-streamed by Binance, in front of industry professionals. It was fascinating to see how extensive experience in pair programming, along with a previous week-long end-to-end project in a smaller team of four, really served as a teamworking anchor over this time - it was a scale-up in terms of scope, detail, and hands-on-deck. We really drilled into keeping our kanban ticketing, stand-up/retro planning, and sprint goals tight, especially after a couple of scoping overlaps that we manged to recover from thanks to strong recovery principles. In this respect, too, we really benefitted from getting a tight MVP in place, and iterated out from there using the vertical slice principle. Key obstacles were our initial decision to code this in TypeScript. It wasn't playing well with Next.js, and given the tight timeframe we decided to code it all in JavaScript - this was a great pivot, in retrospect, as a functioning JavaScript app is infinitely more useful to end users than a half-baked one that's strongly typed. Generally keeping communications strong and precise It was great to pick up Tailwind to build on my CSS skills, and I earmarked it as a framework to build on further (see Nostrami and BetterPassword)*. My personal highlights: -Working with complex data coming through in hefty batches from our API. We had to do some filtering, throttling, and general excavation work to whip it into the shape we wanted. Building out a more complex back end than I've done in previous projects. We had multiple endpoints and conditional routing in place, and getting it all deployed and hooked up to our relational database and front end, and paring down our own API calls, was a fun problem-solving project. 