This one is very much in experimental stages yet, but **V1** (desktop only please!) is looking alright. It's a simple **Nostr** client for long-form content (NIP-23). 

I'm subscribing here to one of the biggest Nostr relays to scalp off as many long-form events as I can find without sacrificing too much on quality - there's a lot of spam floating around for now. 

The relays are remarkably easy to link up, thanks to t4t5's [Nostr react hooks](https://github.com/t4t5/nostr-react) which I highly recommend as an easy first foot in the door. So what's been most challenging about this is working with **complex data structures** that aren't uniform across the dataset. The protocol is **decentralised** and very new, meaning for example that values like titles and tags aren't always labelled correctly and some filtering/validation around is required. Plus, it was interesting to explore rendering **markdown** - here I've used the ReactMarkdown package, but I've subsequently found the **Markdown-to JSX** package easier to work with when it's combined with **Tailwind**. So I'll go back and adjust that. 

As an aside (that I've left in the MVP because, well, I find it useful - if very hacky): whilst I was developing this client there was a sudden influx of lengthy posts in Portuguese. So I spent a while throwing together a rudimentary translation 'tool' (I've yet to find a decent and free translation API... [any suggestions welcome!](https://victorialampard.netlify.app/contact)) that pulls out the first 5,000 characters and pushes the user over to DeepL for them to handle the language detection and translation. It's cumbersome, but it's an OK stopgap solution that gives you a flavour of the breadth and quality of content going up there.

I realise that larger clients are probably dodging the spam problem by avoiding the global feed by default, instead building out user feeds by initially getting them to follow different accounts. That'd be a good area to cover further down the line, but I want to play around with **encrypted messaging** first (and, therefore, login/logout and account management/creation). 